feat(sdk): add diagnosticLog to produce verbose output from SDK (#120)
hCaptcha/HCaptcha-ios-sdk: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

2. Click on '...'
3. ...

> ## Logs
> 
> `HCaptcha` constructor accept `diagnosticLog` flag to enable detailed SDK logs. Please attach output to the issue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Debug Logs

The `HCaptcha` constructor accepts a `diagnosticLog` flag (bool) to enable detailed SDK logs. If you would like to report an issue with the SDK, please enable this flag and attach `diagnosticLog` output when you open the issue.
```
